Add example of how to run a standalone binary alongside the Shuttle one (#61)
shuttle-hq/shuttle-examples: README.md

Tide | [postgres](./tide/postgres/) | TODO app with a Postgres DB | `cargo shuttle init --from shuttle-hq/shuttle-examples --subfolder tide/postgres`
Tower | [hello-world](./tower/hello-world/) | Hello World | `cargo shuttle init --template tower`
Warp | [hello-world](./warp/hello-world/) | Hello World | `cargo shuttle init --template warp`

> *Custom Service* | [none](./custom-service/none/) | Empty service - A barebones minimal Shuttle app that does nothing | `cargo shuttle init --template none`

Reviewer: nit: 
```suggestion
*Custom Service* | [none](./custom-service/none/) | Empty service - An example that showcases a barebones implementation of Shuttle Service trait | `cargo shuttle init --template none`
```
